1.x bug fixes and cleanup (#59)
ExpediaGroup/graphql-component: README.md

  - `context` - an optional object { namespace, factory } for contributing to context.
  - `directives` - an optional object containing custom schema directives.
  - `useMocks` - enable mocks.

>   - `preserveResolvers` - when mocks are enabled, preserve resolvers who are not overriden by a mock implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `preserveResolvers` - when mocks are enabled, preserve resolvers which are not overridden by a mock implementation
```
